Israel is destroying Gaza in a way that
will impact life for decades to come
these are the words of renown
Palestinian writer poet and activist
raat he was killed in an Israeli air
strike along with six members of his
family including his two
siblings Al was a professor of
literature and creative writing at the
Islamic University of Gaza if we sto
caring about stories if we sto telling
our stories if we sto listening to our
parents we create space we create vacuum
for others to occupy this virtual space
in our past in our heart in his writings
he often described aive besieged by
external forces yet resilient in its
Quest For Freedom in one of his final
poems called if I must die he shared his
thoughts about leaving behind a mission
for others Al co-founded a youth youth L
Palestinian nonprofit project called we
are not numbers it tells the stories
behind Palestinians in the news and
advocates for their human rights what we
need the world to do though is to pay
attention to them and not just when
there's violence read the stories about
everyday life and that will show you
that they need they need Freedom they
need Independence they need dignity he
was also the editor of Gaza writes back
short stories from Young Writers in Gaza
through his work Al captured the stories
of a resilient
Community Human Rights Watch says Israel
has been responsible for the deaths of
28 writers musicians and dancers as well
as 183 teachers since October the 7th
the legacy of alari resonates for many
Palestinians as a call to action
inspiring others to pick up a pen and
wield words against adversity if if you
start browsing X now you'll see all all
the students that he he taught and all
the people he influenced looking about
the things he taught them and I know
that um his legacy will love um forever
um longer than this genocidal state of
Israel and that all all of us will keep
writing tributes also flooded social
media following the news of his killing
a digital echo of his impact on the
world many say they believe his death is
the beginning of a new chapter in
intellectual resistance against
occupation and oppression his final
words on his profile spoke
volumes if I must die you must live to
tell my story to sell my things to buy a
piece of cloth and some strings make it
white with a long tail so that a child
somewhere in Gaza while looking heaven
in the eye awaiting his dad who left in
a
blaze
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer